Twitter readme updates (#6184)
PipedreamHQ/pipedream: components/twitter/README.md

4. Enter this URI in the "Callback URI / Redirect URI": `https://api.pipedream.com/connect/oauth/oa_gk6iBa/callback`
5. Enter a website URL
6. Click "Done" (the Client ID and Client Secret that are shown on the next page are not required for this setup)
7. Enter the API Key and API Key Secret when prompted in Pipedream (if you lose them and need to regenerate new keys, you can do so from the "Keys and tokens" tab in your app's settings in Twitter's developer dashboard, in the "Consumer Keys" section)

> 

Reviewer: Changed "API Key" and "API Key Secret" to "API key" and "API key secret" to follow Google's Developer docs style guide (https://developers.google.com/style/capitalization#capitalization-in-titles-and-headings)

# Troubleshooting
Below are some of the most common issues we see.

## Issues Connecting Twitter
If you run into an error during the app connection process, make sure to doublecheck the below configurations:

> 1. Ensure that you've entered the correct `developer_consumer_key` and `developer_consumer_secret` in Pipedream. These map to Twitter's "API Key" and "API Key Secret" in the "Keys & Tokens" section in their dashboard.

Reviewer: Changed "doublecheck" to "double-check" to follow Google's Developer docs style guide (https://developers.google.com/style/hyphens#compound-modifiers)

> 2. Make sure the "Callback URI / Redirect URL" that you configure within the "User Authentication settings" for your app in Twitter's developer console exactly matches: `https://api.pipedream.com/connect/oauth/oa_gk6iBa/callback`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Ensure that you've entered the correct `developer_consumer_key` and `developer_consumer_secret` in Pipedream. These map to Twitter's "API key" and "API key secret" in the "Keys & Tokens" section in their dashboard.
```

Reviewer: Changed "API Key" and "API Key Secret" to "API key" and "API key secret" to follow Google's Developer docs style guide (https://developers.google.com/style/capitalization#capitalization-in-titles-and-headings)

## Errors from Twitter's API or Twitter Sources and Actions
1. Free Twitter developer accounts only have access to **write** endpoints (for example, actions like "Create Tweet" and "Create Retweet")

> 2. Twitter developer accounts on their Basic plan have access to **write** and **read** endpoints (for example, actions like "Create Tweet" and "Search Tweets", as well as sources like "New Post Matching Query")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Free Twitter developer accounts only have access to **write** endpoints (for example, actions like "Create tweet" and "Create retweet")
```

Reviewer: Changed "Create Tweet" and "Create Retweet" to "Create tweet" and "Create retweet" to follow Google's Developer docs style guide (https://developers.google.com/style/capitalization#capitalization-in-titles-and-headings)

> 3. If you are getting errors from the Twitter sources or actions, please consult the developer plan to confirm if you have access to those endpoints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Twitter developer accounts on their Basic plan have access to **write** and **read** endpoints (for example, actions like "Create tweet" and "Search tweets", as well as sources like "New post matching query")
```

Reviewer: Changed "Create Tweet", "Search Tweets", and "New Post Matching Query" to "Create tweet", "Search tweets", and "New post matching query" to follow Google's Developer docs style guide (https://developers.google.com/style/capitalization#capitalization-in-titles-and-headings)
